what's going on guys my name is not C
nom B's and today I've built the
cornerstone of any defensive setup in
Team Fortress 2 this is the level 1
sentry gun I've built of course entirely
from LEGO bricks it stands at over 2
feet tall and if I had to guess it took
around 2 thousand bricks to make for the
giant drum magazine on the back I used a
bunch of Technic rain pieces you can see
a parts assortment also I used wheel
pieces for the grips on the stand this
definitely gives building a century a
whole new meaning the two main colors
for this of course were red and black
and then I use some metallic even
cylindrical tiles for the screws just
get that kind of industrial look here
you can see how the Technic rims were
built they're just built with a ton of
pins and it's so circular that it can
actually roll along in Team Fortress 2
the sentry gun costs one hundred and
thirty metal to build and two hundred
metal to upgrade it to the different
levels
it deals 16 damage per shot shoots four
shots per second with a average of 64
damage per second and if the Wrangler is
used with the sentry gun it can up the
damage to 128 - damage for a second here
you can take a look inside the drum
magazine it's mostly hollow inside I had
to keep it as light as possible so that
it would sort of sit on the back of it
it's not supported by much it's just
supported by 2 Technic pins you can see
I even used a bit of Chrome
in Team Fortress 2 the engineer can
replenish ammo and health on the sentry
gun by hitting it with his wrench if I
hit the Lego replica with the wrench it
would probably not end well as it's
quite delicate you can see for the sort
of neck of the sentry gun I used a
massive Technic pin that goes down into
that sort of black beam I use the ton of
specialty pieces lots of black slopes
and curvy pieces for the stand
definitely one of the biggest builds
I've made to date but I hope you guys
enjoyed this life-size Lego replica of
Team Fortress 2 sentry gun be sure to
give the video a thumbs up if you guys
did enjoy and want to see some more
tf2 weapons and let me know in the
comments your idea for the next lego
gaming creation so as always thank you
guys so much for watching my videos and
I'll see you guys in another video with
another LEGO creation a great place as
well to store some Lego golden coin
as you can see right there